0	its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film . 
0	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
0	allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
0	there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
0	elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 
0	it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original . 
0	a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
0	an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 
0	scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas . 
0	a perceptive , good-natured movie . 
0	'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . . 
0	this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
0	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
0	broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
0	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
0	here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
0	a picture as erratic as its central character . 
0	possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 
0	criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 
0	return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 
0	the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 
0	enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd . 
0	muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
0	undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
0	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
0	disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
0	earnest but heavy-handed . 
0	the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
0	it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 
0	skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
0	millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
0	the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
0	what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
0	dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag . 
0	what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
0	a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy . 
0	 . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
0	this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
0	on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
0	quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho ) , não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor . 
0	the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
0	expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
0	the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold . 
0	perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though . 
0	while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging . 
0	this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 
0	the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life . 
0	soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
0	faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
0	a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 
0	it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot . 
0	the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
0	this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . 
0	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
0	despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 
0	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
0	a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 
0	it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 
0	the pianist is polanski's best film . 
0	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
0	flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
0	the movie's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity . 
0	the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life . 
0	if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
0	basically , it's pretty but dumb . 
0	it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 
0	the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone . 
0	an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 . 
0	moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not . 
0	take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
0	demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh . 
0	falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice . 
0	[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy . 
0	neatly constructed thriller . 
0	a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
0	there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases . 
0	something must have been lost in the translation . 
0	with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
0	the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
0	the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes . 
0	 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
0	with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
0	thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together . 
0	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
0	confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
0	it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
0	a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness . 
0	wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
0	a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
0	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter . 
0	though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
0	 . . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
0	the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 
0	the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
0	a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
0	to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
0	this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
0	the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment . 
0	it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
0	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
0	an encouraging effort from mccrudden
0	puportedly " based on true events , " a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is " based on a true story " with a straight face . 
0	without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions . 
0	a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 
0	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
0	on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
0	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
0	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . 
0	a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
0	i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
0	an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 
0	nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
0	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
0	 . . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 
0	has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 
0	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
0	with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 
0	a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
0	the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
0	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
0	it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
0	writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres . 
0	a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
0	burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
0	a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
0	with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
0	an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video . 
0	i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal . 
0	it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
0	blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 
0	given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube . 
0	[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
0	overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs . 
0	just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 
0	there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
0	predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
0	 . . . an inviting piece of film . 
0	a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 
0	super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers . 
0	whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
0	the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 
0	it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while . 
0	you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions — disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 
0	one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 
0	serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
0	all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone . 
0	 . . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
0	it's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again . 
0	as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality . 
0	none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective . 
0	yet another weepy southern bore-athon . 
0	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
0	guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled . 
0	now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
0	 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
0	represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 
0	starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look . 
0	recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
0	so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 
0	 . . . irritating soul-searching garbage . 
0	jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
0	while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable . 
0	eerily accurate depiction of depression . 
0	proves that some movie formulas don't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie . 
0	the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died . 
0	the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
0	it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 
0	not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one . 
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
0	despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
0	a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
0	stay away . far away . 
0	writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 
0	debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
0	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
0	anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
0	this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 
0	spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
0	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
0	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
0	when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ? 
0	tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point . 
0	a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
0	i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough . 
0	 " austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 
0	a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 
0	anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
0	shallow , noisy and pretentious . 
0	the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . 
0	boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
0	this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic . 
0	insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either . 
0	 . . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 
0	bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
0	it's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just can't get no satisfaction . 
0	although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious . 
0	[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not . 
0	morton deserves an oscar nomination . 
0	julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
0	an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
0	this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
0	it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
0	worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'
0	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
0	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
0	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 
0	plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
0	as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . 
0	it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
0	the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process . 
0	you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human . 
0	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
0	tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
0	a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay ! 
0	uneasy mishmash of styles and genres . 
0	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
0	the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
0	the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
0	what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
0	the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed . 
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
0	the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
0	more whiny downer than corruscating commentary . 
0	darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
0	'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy . 
0	to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
0	imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring . 
0	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
0	little more than a frothy vanity project . 
0	the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
0	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
0	the all-french cast is marveilleux . 
0	it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters . 
0	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
0	mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
0	the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
0	 . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
0	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
0	whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
0	a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
0	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame . 
0	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
0	a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
0	myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another . 
0	an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 
0	this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived . 
0	impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
0	it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
0	lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class . 
0	it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
0	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
0	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
0	steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 
0	exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise . 
0	there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
0	jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot . 
0	the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
0	at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
0	the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned . 
0	the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
0	the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
0	affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 
0	 . . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take . 
0	you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
0	a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 
0	a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
0	methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
0	an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 
0	this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
0	byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground . 
0	the movie is a trove of delights . 
0	no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 
0	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
0	apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter . 
0	 . . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture . 
0	a weird , arresting little ride . 
0	[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense . 
0	nothing about it fits . 
0	remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
0	eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 
0	de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli . 
0	deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
0	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
0	the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
0	a sour , nasty offering . 
0	after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject . 
0	at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do . 
0	the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams . 
0	assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan . 
0	 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
0	i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
0	a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
0	though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
0	allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
0	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
0	grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine . 
0	 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored . 
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
0	time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
0	el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
0	while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
0	although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
0	the only thing " swept away " is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
0	young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
0	the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
0	 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
0	while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
0	what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
0	recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion . 
0	the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
0	the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
0	idiotic and ugly . 
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 
0	any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment . 
0	plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
0	this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
0	all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
0	at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center . 
0	woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them . 
0	khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
0	[creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 
0	pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
0	feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
0	despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
0	the whole film has this sneaky feel to it – as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 
0	though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
0	old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship . 
0	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
0	a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
0	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
0	an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
0	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
0	each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
0	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
0	chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
0	soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
0	a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
0	a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 
0	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
0	anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
0	at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 
0	there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
0	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
0	it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
0	this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters . 
0	simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
0	both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving . 
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
0	alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 
0	a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido . 
0	[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
0	falls short in explaining the music and its roots . 
0	it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started . 
0	miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 
0	a tasty slice of droll whimsy . 
0	elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one . 
0	the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
0	the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue . 
0	oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
0	a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film . 
0	fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
0	i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool . 
0	a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 
0	stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 
0	it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did . 
0	the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
0	if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
0	o Último suspeito ganha força ao também funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar . 
0	an ambitious and moving but bleak film . 
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
0	twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
0	an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent . 
0	it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 
0	as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
0	sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
0	trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! " 
0	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
0	twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time . 
0	a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time . 
0	the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
0	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
0	topkapi this is not . 
0	the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
0	 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
0	it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs . 
0	spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
0	the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
0	davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine . 
0	a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
0	chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
0	vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love . 
0	instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
0	its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work . 
0	the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be . 
0	it's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . 
0	as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
0	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
0	'pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia , donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables . '
0	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
0	a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
0	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
0	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
0	though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions . 
0	a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
0	parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 
0	one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year . 
0	an absurdist spider web . 
0	a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 
0	an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
0	victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
0	it's exactly what you'd expect . 
0	dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
0	yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
0	a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
0	it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 
0	it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny . 
0	the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
0	if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 
0	peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 
0	a chick flick for guys . 
0	though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance . 
0	adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
0	there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
0	a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 
0	birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
0	celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat . 
0	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
0	a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
0	'carente de imaginación , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance , es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero'
0	all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 
0	pretty good little movie . 
0	a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages . 
0	the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
0	adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
0	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
0	the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
0	dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny . 
0	like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
0	for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
0	ill-considered , unholy hokum . 
0	filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
0	a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
0	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
0	a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title . 
0	full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . 
0	so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
0	visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
0	shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
0	it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
0	 . . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
0	the movie bounces all over the map . 
0	not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
0	haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration . 
0	the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . 
0	doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence . 
0	the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
0	a witty , whimsical feature debut . 
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
0	less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
0	gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traición que seguramente se convertirá en un nuevo clásico del género . 
0	trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
0	neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
0	the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of " intacto's " dangerous and seductively stylish game . 
0	in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency . 
0	[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work . 
0	but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
0	the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 
0	 . . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 
0	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
0	sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest . 
0	one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
0	even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time . 
0	automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
0	interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
0	conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
0	that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
0	quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house . 
0	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
0	the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
0	solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike . 
0	a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
0	this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire . 
0	snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
0	[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
0	at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
0	a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
0	mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
0	beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
0	one from the heart . 
0	two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
0	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
0	expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
0	it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds . 
0	boisterous and daft documentary . 
0	narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor . 
0	the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work . 
0	the film delivers not just the full assault of reno's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days . 
0	this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 
0	the drama discloses almost nothing . 
0	the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
0	instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 
0	the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
0	the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 
0	there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 
0	the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 
0	 . . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 
0	a loving little film of considerable appeal . 
0	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
0	strange it is , but delightfully so . 
0	jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
0	mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
0	dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 
0	walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment . 
0	consistently clever and suspenseful . 
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 
0	crummy
0	funny but perilously slight . 
0	knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail . 
0	for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 
0	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher . 
0	some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
0	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
0	clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 
0	a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
0	a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
0	a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort . 
0	it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
0	for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
0	the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow . 
0	the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 
0	you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 
0	a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about . 
0	hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic . 
0	the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago . 
0	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
0	much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
0	this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences . 
0	a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 
0	a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
0	lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it . 
0	the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
0	'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
0	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
0	the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated . 
0	you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 
0	spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are . 
0	lame , haphazard teen comedy . 
0	too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes . 
0	a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy . 
0	it's definitely a step in the right direction . 
0	this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
0	director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale . 
0	do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
0	watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
0	a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection . 
0	assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 
0	[a] strong piece of work . 
0	stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career . 
0	any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
0	to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
0	two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity . 
0	i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 
0	what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
0	the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
0	we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
0	the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 
0	meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
0	a lame comedy . 
0	not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters . 
0	a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society . 
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
0	may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . 
0	the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
0	a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 
0	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
0	a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 
0	the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
0	well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull . 
0	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
0	they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone . 
0	it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality . 
0	while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
0	martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid . 
0	men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
0	it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
0	it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
0	awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
0	 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
0	contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
0	apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
0	throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
0	the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
0	a small gem from belgium . 
0	its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper . 
0	famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . 
0	delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
0	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
0	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time . 
0	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
0	rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
0	a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
0	about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological . 
0	this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 
0	it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer . 
0	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
0	[t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . . 
0	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
0	the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
0	this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
0	though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
0	the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
0	an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 
0	twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 
0	daring and beautifully made . 
0	by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster . 
0	[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form . 
0	unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 
0	may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 
0	this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
0	poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
0	on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt . 
0	like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them . 
0	more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 
0	maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements . 
0	a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
0	kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
0	isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films . 
0	a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
0	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
0	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
0	effective but too-tepid biopic
0	there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 
0	herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance . 
0	you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
0	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
0	aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 
0	a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots . 
0	like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
0	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
0	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 
0	light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 
0	a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film . 
0	the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine . 
0	a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
0	director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
0	painfully padded . 
0	holden caulfield did it better . 
0	it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
0	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 
0	the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
0	one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 
0	lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
0	spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
0	a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
0	the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 
0	a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
0	the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful . 
0	the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way . 
0	still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different . 
0	thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 
0	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
0	a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
0	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
0	it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish . 
0	this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
0	moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance . 
0	the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
0	time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
0	labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone . 
0	a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate . 
0	while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
0	becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
0	a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture . 
0	douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 
0	if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
0	efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . 
0	shrewd but pointless . 
0	steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 
0	tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 
0	she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
0	it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
0	 . . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 
0	ararat feels like a book report
0	if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday . 
0	a gem of a movie . 
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
0	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
0	does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring . 
0	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
0	it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
0	two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
0	it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 
0	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
0	giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
0	when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language . 
0	runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance . 
0	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 
0	maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy . 
0	a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line . 
0	uplifting , funny and wise . 
0	an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
0	it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
0	one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 
0	it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . . 
0	depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
0	until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller . 
0	it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
0	my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 
0	a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke . 
0	the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun . 
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
0	 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
0	 " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
0	a melancholy , emotional film . 
0	all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
0	though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set . 
0	though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed . 
0	painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances . 
0	complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
0	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
0	a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy . 
0	stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 
0	beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
0	the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
0	pompous and garbled . 
0	what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ? 
0	in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 
0	the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them . 
0	'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
0	it will break your heart many times over . 
0	in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan . 
0	whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 
0	a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
0	feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 
0	i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
0	sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
0	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
0	jagger the actor is someone you want to see again . 
0	the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 
0	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
0	an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
0	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
0	beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
0	the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
0	almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent . 
0	gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
0	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
0	greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation . 
0	a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
0	this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
0	the film grows on you . and how . 
0	though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious . 
0	k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
0	there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
0	its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 
0	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 
0	a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
0	a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 
0	 " birthday girl " is an actor's movie first and foremost . 
0	katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
0	howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 
0	 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
0	though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
0	with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
0	this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 
0	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
0	imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
0	this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
0	if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
0	demme's loose approach kills the suspense . 
0	the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre . 
0	humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
0	an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
0	oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
0	eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal . 
0	generic thriller junk . teens only . 
0	a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance . 
0	take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length . 
0	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
0	a modestly surprising movie . 
0	illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
0	dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
0	the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh . 
0	wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 
0	fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
0	you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
0	genuinely unnerving . 
0	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
0	a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
0	a warm , funny , engaging film . 
0	 " one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um… . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
0	an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 
0	the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
0	murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
0	in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film . 
0	shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic . 
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
0	suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
0	scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism . 
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
0	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 
0	as saccharine as it is disposable . 
0	plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread . 
0	a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you cannot separate them . 
0	press the delete key . 
0	obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
0	a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
0	its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . 
0	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
0	a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 
0	a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
0	just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
0	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
0	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
0	it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
0	i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable . 
0	it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's . 
0	suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video . 
0	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
0	satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
0	a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
0	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
0	 " simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
0	exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven… [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce . 
0	though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
0	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
0	every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
0	a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody . 
0	chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
0	you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
0	a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . 
0	egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
0	rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 
0	we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
0	it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
0	an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question . 
0	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
0	believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 
0	like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
0	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
0	coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
0	 . . . a bland , pretentious mess . 
0	i'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . 
0	a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
0	a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . 
0	in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 
0	hollywood's answer to an air ball . 
0	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 
0	a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies . 
0	one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce . 
0	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 
0	the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness . 
0	it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru . 
0	boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
0	unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
0	more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
0	the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 
0	unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
0	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
0	offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 
0	mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching . 
0	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
0	a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
0	schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression . 
0	i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
0	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
0	priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
0	despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine . 
0	an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected . 
0	the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
0	although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at . 
0	with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
0	fairly run-of-the-mill . 
0	frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for . 
0	the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra . 
0	it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ? 
0	a quiet , disquieting triumph . 
0	if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
0	 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
0	the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there . 
0	this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
0	raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
0	from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 
0	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
0	 . . . a solid , well-formed satire . 
0	either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks . 
0	it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force . 
0	a wildly entertaining scan of evans' career . 
0	a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction ! 
0	director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
0	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
0	angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
0	 . . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre . 
0	even the digressions are funny . 
0	hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
0	all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure . 
0	as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
0	the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 
0	it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 
0	befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
0	contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
0	in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
0	the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right . 
0	a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year . 
0	this is amusing for about three minutes . 
0	the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
0	so-so entertainment . 
0	like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh . 
0	it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did . 
0	the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
0	 . . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume . 
0	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 
0	there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it . 
0	what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
0	hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
0	ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet ! 
0	there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them . 
0	even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
0	 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
0	one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
0	franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 
0	worthy of the gong . 
0	the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions . 
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 
0	a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
0	not exactly the bees knees
0	reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . 
0	[a] stuporously solemn film . 
0	there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
0	 . . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride . 
0	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
0	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight . 
0	a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 
0	the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin . 
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting . 
0	resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
0	it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles . 
0	not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
0	a half-assed film . 
0	all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 
0	wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste . 
0	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama . 
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
0	i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
0	while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy . 
0	though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
0	an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . 
0	if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
0	no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
0	what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 
0	sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 
0	a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . 
0	there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally . 
0	nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 
0	it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
0	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
0	make like the title and dodge this one . 
0	…the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
0	ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive . 
0	it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
0	turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting . 
0	a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
0	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
0	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
0	a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
0	art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 
0	the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is . 
0	from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
0	unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . 
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
0	funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
0	there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
0	return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
0	like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
0	 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
0	it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense . 
0	both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
0	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing . 
0	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
0	more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent . 
0	 . . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 
0	the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 
0	writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
0	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
0	a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
0	supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
0	in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 
0	merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense . 
0	the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
0	a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight . 
0	i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
0	deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
0	one of the worst films of 2002 . 
0	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
0	although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
0	it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
0	schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
0	an extraordinarily silly thriller . 
0	a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
0	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece . 
0	though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
0	it's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school . 
0	the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
0	with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
0	so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
0	loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
0	deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 
0	it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
0	world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
0	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
0	one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre . 
0	boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer . 
0	undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters . 
0	this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
